---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to the 2025 Off-season"
date:   2025-07-13 10:46:08 -0600
categories: jekyll update
---

The 2025 NFL off-season continues to drag on unbearably and the Chicago Bears have declared themselves off-season champs, as usual. 
Congratulations to them on this accomplishment. 

Despite valiant efforts by your dignified commissioner to rally his team all the way to the 2024 championship game, the "Hot Piss Powered Locomotives" ultimately fell to "Is She A Waterpark?" coached by Chadwick Newell. 
Many people are concerned by the commissioners second time losing the championship game in only four post-merger seasons of the No Pun League, going so far as to call them "The Buffalo Bills of the NPL". 
The commissioner is particularly troubled by this unflattering comparison. 
But the winds of change are blowing, and no that isn't just the normal stench of Greeley/Brookfield/Canada/whatever the smelliest municipality is in your area. 
This is your chance to partake in the NPL legislative process and propose rule changes for the 2025 member referendum. 
A brief review of the NPL referendum process is as follows:
1. Commissioner will open a request for rule change proposals form for several weeks. Members may submit rule change proposals which will be voted on for adoption in the member referendum. **This includes loser punishments** and any other administrative rule changes in addition to fantasy football rule changes such as scoring, drafting, and roster construction. 
2. The referendum form will be opened for voting at least 3 weeks before the earliest possible draft date. In addition to any proposed rule changes, the referendum will include a poll for draft date availability and league dues. 
3. Rule changes will be enacted, if applicable, and draft will be held as usual.
> [2025 Rule Change Proposals][1].

We have already discussed the top of the 2024 leader board, but we should not neglect the bottom. 
The 2024 sacko is proudly awarded to "That's What Cheesehead" coached by Joe Gantenbein. 
The league members have elected to have the sacko punishment be a 5 minute stand up comedy open mic performance. 
They are rumors of this event coming to fruition in the near future, but we as members should not forget to enforce the sacko punishment. 
Although the glory of victory is a noble pursuit, it is truly the shame of the sacko and taunting the pitiful loser that makes the NPL great. 
On a related note, please join me in honoring the storied history of the NPL sacko by visiting our [archives]({% link archive.markdown %}).

I am continually amazed that you all enjoy spending the time to assemble absolutely dismal fantasy football teams, year after year, but look forward to watching the chaos unfold once again.

[1]:https://forms.gle/Gpu9WSSkxJ87fAHd6
