# On Don Quixote’s Death and Fantasy Football
## Tv Writer
Spoiler alert: Don Quixote, the fanatic knight errant, endowed with kaleidoscopic delusions and unwavering fortitude, dies. However, the juvenile stages of Don Quixote’s adventures are decorated by Don Quixote’s misinterpretations of banal things: instead of inns to rest the weary, Quixote sees castles; he believes prostitutes and maidens are royal princesses; most famously, Don Quixote attacks windmills he mistakes for dangerous giants. He jettisons the ordinary in favor of a fantasy that seduces the imagination and blurs the advantages of realism, and he commands everyone to follow suit.
	We are all Don Quixotes. Owners of our own fantasy teams, we too chase our delusions and make enemies of our own shadows. Is this the time to trade Juan Jennings? We play out their games in our minds like lunatics in a locked padded room. We imagine the scenario where Trevor Lawrence has a better day than Joe Burrow. He’ll have all day to throw, we tell ourselves.  Then we witness, in a phantasm, the weaknesses of a opposing defense, the exploitable secondary, the languid passrush, and squeeze it into play-by-play to help us decide whether to start Rashid Shaheed or Rico Dowdle in the flex position. We ask foolhardy questions like is this the year of the workhorse running back? Will I be left out if I don’t get THE guy? We tell ourselves that romanticizing the epoch of the running back, when LT, Clinton Portis, and Shaun Alexander reigned, is no longer nostalgia, it’s history–and history, they say, repeats itself. These thoughts, these visions and prophecies strike our attention like lightning in a blurry sky. They become uninvited guests, sometimes roommates. They slip in like squatters and drug us in week 5 with hope that we found the league winning waiver wire pick-up. Visions, romanticism, and hope are the calories of fantasy, but we need our calories to make it through the 17 week journey.
	Throughout The Ingenious Hidalgo Don Quixote De La Mancha the hero, don Quixote de La Mancha is beaten, pounded, bruised, bashed, and disdained in countless ways. In fantasy football, all it takes is a week of untimely byes, a ligament tear no deeper than a sliver, or a day when your opponent uncharacteristically launches into stratospheric point territory, for your team and your playoff percentage to tumble. These battles, and more, can cut the “fan” out of fantasy football. 
So what will you lean on when you’re playing in the sacko for the second straight year in a row? Where will your mind take you? Will you make tactless trades because your team is at the bottom and you’ve fallen into fantasy football nihilism? Or will you, despite being a loser, a bottom-dweller, a miserable irrelevant football organization, e.g. the New York Jets, continue on. 
Forward. 
To pull yourself up when everything seems to drag you down requires strength, courage, and unquenchable fortitude. That is what Don Quixote represents. He represents hope as a loser. When your wins no longer matter and you don’t know how you’ll be able to muster the strength to set your fantasy lineup remember Don Quixote. Remember his adventurous fantasies and create your own, concoct a rivalry, win for an aging vet, build a culture for next year. Some might argue that these are meaningless ploys to motivate–empty calories, if you will. Someone might say that only a fool would believe that, despite 100% turnover from year to year, your fantasy football team can have a culture. Don’t believe their practicality. For in the world of realism, culture and vibes are lies we tell ourselves. But fantasy football is not played on a field; it is not real football. Fantasy football, like great literature, contains more than reality. Stats, truth, what we know and understand are raindrops in an ethereal ocean of hope, fantasy, love, and God. In fantasy football, and life, I choose to believe. 
Don Quixote dies at the end. He isn’t hung by a mob or obliterated by a mistake he makes. In the final chapters Don Quixote stops envisioning castles and recognizes the modest status of farmers, wenches, and plebeians alike. And then he dies. There was no cause, no blade piercings, or cough. He stops believing in his fantasies and he just dies. Over 1,000 pages of adventure and make-believe end in silent death. Our lives, our Fantasy Football dreams do not have to suffer the same fate. Remember Don Quixote; choose fantasy.
